Hey Mike i looked and the flights are expensive!
[THE SCIZOEY MANUSCRIPT IN VOYNICHTNACHT JUNGIAN-ANTI HERO
means scvhizo thread threat nominal and 5x5

Ricky now all the hiccups with American airlines has influenced prices world wide.  And this is Chinese new year and the Chinese are free to travel for the first time in years 
Wait about a week and prices will come down 
lmao
 what is lmao
  L laughing M my A  ass O off
  paraguay i got one for $200 i can just leave to there fore now or if things keep in the form that they are i just want to stay long enough for a meental abuise case to surface.  I honestly think this "old mack truck the motor part of the 18 wheeler can be weight reduced and a home can be built on the foundation of that mack truck which they can use as their "movable Airbnb!
  so either we do this thre or do this here, we just pick and choose.  I think you should bew the betteer informed network guy and I'l  be the "observable universe guy" I am nothing but nb ideas engine.  the "market study" is what I would like to master and also tech intel on business or just as a non DECISION maker but I want to become an advisor with small "pet project portfolio" not massive cost projects but low end solutrioons.  thisa isa a "low energy solution" I willlk make a thesis on the differernces.  one disatinct cxharacteristic is that municipalities have held back infrasstructure.  so the innfrastructrure is a con in the last paradigm but just leaving roads.  and usinfg and recycling old homes near lets say the worst "next to riveer bank" housing alternative is what needs to pumpo trhe brakes.  so the idea is world wide with douglas level UN/that shit NGO remember that the current "rat hole" is not switzerland anymore (the "not in neutral signal sent by swiss due to a low level conflict they a new "shake things up" player.  it is a country that is a battlement and just the topography is easy to defend hence why the why and now the battlements will be obscured by "conflictsw"  they are Go on whatever they are doing and it is an imminent threaqt that we all have small self sustainening hotels for the families that work them.  one part ofd the mack truck for the family and their businessa and ALL will be steadily "a manual/video of why this is this so that is illustrating and srtory boarding the "perefect adoption looks like" so every projectr fasmily will be interviewed fore their needs.  a airbnb mnovable farmn?  maybe they have some sort of electric bank and thgey go import/expoort electrical power that would be lost and "charge tine mesh net utilities impossible to "national blackout" to tinuy home #456g.1-a is the airbmnb code for "X" femto-industrial home
  Could we voice chat later by voice.  I often don’t know what you are saying 
  	i have to somehow convert this to the "brilliant ideas folder we made"
	so each time I answer your questions we can add them
what you msatter of factly just saisd.  you need to do this with me from now on.  you and I get along./  I weant you to be massively brigadier abd bombadier you need to develop your shit talking nd prrsacticval short quip takes that are fuill of generalizations that due to the reactions of people in the way will bellow what part of thge corruption is trying to keep up.  remember that manipulators arent in love.  when you are in love with solvoing and helpinfg you use the 90% time of hate and 100/100 hate mentality when 105 OF "ITERATIVE LOVE" YOU ITERAte the business relationship with ba set of "shittests" each person goes back and fgorth "arguingf to steel resolve."  we arguwe against the project and DUEL there and steelk ourselves character with those little backquips that manipulators use
ok THAN YOU FOR SAYING I D O N ' T understand.  because I can iterate from tyhere ill voice call when you havew a moment but things need to be written down and our chat is perfewc rt disacussion and sounding board for our fempto-pico-micro manage XD
call u?
	ok let me just try to figure this, ill just spell chack right now
also I dont like crosstalk.  this SMS wold we live in with reduced texctual expereiance is truly the elite trying thewir best to help us help ourselves.  if you notice the BAD is not increasinf.  they are barebonesing their best projects which are cubby holes not new enterprises.  this means they are gonna nap as we did and we are gonna take the elite position.  this back and forth between the rich and poor where one is "vanquished infront of the other as if one foot afterthe next in our "trail ofg tears"  digitl of course but since they wanbt to pullb back and seee the totality it will be their time to wonder WTF is goiing on to us taking the practicqal, engineering bare bones and "knife sharpoens knife" elite sharpents populace 
so this is a huiman cyclew.  but where are we goose stepping to? the idea of seperating the two worlds, the "harveest" the "reset" is justr wordoing that is actually up my alley.  what I mean by this is thius is exctly what you do on a long term projecxt.  you iterate in the beginning and the barebones founfdation gets "make overs" just like you change a chandelier to a modern equivalent
they you propose options that are vettted to death like a peer review.  why is peer review in critique? because elkite made the idea and sat back ansd let corruption seep in like bilge water and then they step in cut the fat like Elon and Twitter, then notice Elon "gave up" and is just taking care of "server side [service toi self service to others STS STO this is PURE Law of One Ra Channeling ok ill let you rereasd and just try to shittewst my ideas "i see something here could you develop this idea im having trouble wit?"
ok ill let you rereasd and just try to shittewst my ideas "i see something here could you develop this idea im having trouble wit?"
could you expalin this iteration of ideas versus letting your ideas become vetted by corruption itself
think about it its not good eviul anymore theres stagnat corruptiuon like mexico or iteration/peer review/internal iterator processes by technocrats and then the "bnew political SCIENCE"
scienbce becomes from pioneer to CRAFTSMAN
the enggineer pass the tech like home construction or bridgew buildinbg like 55 fort span bridge catalog 2023.  and thats an actual projec t odf mine as a way to help people itersate their ideas.  instead of back and forth witrh client you proposew 10 options with the littleinfo the client sdays 3 bedroioms 2.5 baths jack and jill 2/3 bedrooms
the use not AI to write or prograqm or like this iterate new configurations of those words" oooh you want europeasn bedrooom variant and all the extra space is not publicv space.  in europe your bedroom is an 8 hr room lol.  your bastyhroom is a 3 hour room, see.  your car is a 2 hour a day exzpense it will pay itself off in 5 years.  a breakeven investment in business is a nono because future money and liquid now or illiquid at the wrong market turbn
so a busainewss is r&d, and a self banking system  that will only show tha options you rerallyt have available in the current situation which this program of market study decision tree.  an actual software that reduces OR increaseews options availabvle and of course it the new concept of "media/PR self Advertisement and self contained but direct with IRS everyday ids logged and the info is public.  every descision in the moving and changoinfg descisiuon tree is layed out as a comp[uter mosdel... PUBLIC hey this is my idea this I wanbt to just make5% comission on my savin=gs toi the company and my aportionment to ther company into the future.  so we study the star wars george lucas school of business.  its a movie deal idea I get full profits on future moneis made by my idea in your company.  and we poroject that FROM the business model that is transparent.  people get excited dude and when peoiple get excited... thewy do as I do they throw away their ideas for frwewe in times of conflict in order to avgoid conflict
so a busainewss is r&d, and a self banking system  that will only show tha options you rerallyt have available in the current situation which this program of market study decision tree.  an actual software that reduces OR increaseews options availabvle and of course it the new concept of "media/PR self Advertisement and self contained but direct with IRS everyday ids logged and the info is public.  every descision in the moving and changoinfg descisiuon tree is layed out as a comp[uter mosdel... PUBLIC hey this is my idea this I wanbt to just make5% comission on my savin=gs toi the company and my aportionment to ther company into the future.  so we study the star wars george lucas school of business.  its a movie deal idea I get full profits on future moneis made by my idea in your company.  and we poroject that FROM the business model that is transparent.  people get excited dude and when peoiple get excited... thewy do as I do they throw away their ideas for frwewe in times of conflict in order to avgoid conflict
so I blanked out my fascebook.  I am gonna invite you, it will be a business poage and that is where you and I will "quarrel our ideas" OK?  each discussion catalogged and PUBLIC
but no one can comment.  this is tha model Ive been developing as a skeleton key.  I vett my ideas in a matrix of corruption you cant really work in a toxic environment
so what you do is just propose your model they adopt and just let thgat proiject get vetted by corruption and pick it up once that group of evil gets tired or overly "globalizationed" see wehat I mean (globalization is an obfuscation scheme what I'm talking about is that goose step macinima red hats are really truly thre white hats.  Germans can get Pissed of like Schizophrenic=s and mental health folks.  we want to help.  se it?
so what you do is just propose your model they adopt and just let thgat proiject get vetted by corruption and pick it up once that group of evil gets tired or overly "globalizationed" see wehat I mean (globalization is an obfuscation scheme what I'm talking about is that goose step macinima red hats are really truly thre white hats.  Germans can get Pissed of like Schizophrenic=s and mental health folks.  we want to help.  se it?
so each of thyese thought bubbles would be the post.  so in facebook I can keep a rigid PROJECT LOGBOOK which engrs use to log their mistakes for a "best practuices report at the end"
NO ONE DOES THAT
we are gonna make our porfolio on facebook dude
it has those metrics
if we see many hits to read from china then thats the market TO STUDY LMA
then we start by declarinbg our discovery and then the desision tree we remake and put it to the public shittest.  thats actually the name of the fabook npage, POublic Shittest
JQ Public...SHITEST EDITION IV  se what I mean ther IV is a subtle joke and thats the spirit.  PRIDE COMES BEFORE THE FALL TO THE EARS OF A JOKING SHITTESTER TECHNOCRAT>>>thisd is the new political positionment until you militarize and compartmentalize the public into tecxh-caste system
IV in ascci looks like someobne with a strigfht line on their eyes like storm trooper or chinnok wood slit glasses, you'll notice when I am attempting to read someone because a red flag came up I stare at them like thioese glasses:
read about chinook warm winds et but those arctic glasses I just showed you the snorkle that will save your life.  I care about your dick sucking skills
Could we voice chat later by voice.  I often don’t know what you are saying 
i have to somehow convert this to the "brilliant ideas folder we made"
so each time I answer your questions we can add them
can we lift this and put it there while we talk?  lets format our ideas ok?  lets lkearn to do this structured.  I love to hear you and its better but lets get into paractice of arguing with a positive influence but also you havcew to be tough on me you'll see tht my reaction if taken personally will reflect to you and me that something personal resides.  and that is my famiuly because they are uneducated like me so we practice you and me but we make the conversation look like a bvook and discussions but there is an ulterior motive but to explain fr=my siti=uation in the best way possiblke.  that I dont grudge or budge XD
yes but in a hour
	ok let me just try to figure this, ill just spell chack right now
can we lift this and put it there while we talk?  lets format our ideas ok?  lets lkearn to do this structured.  I love to hear you and its better but lets get into paractice of arguing with a positive influence but also you havcew to be tough on me you'll see tht my reaction if taken personally will reflect to you and me that something personal resides.  and that is my famiuly because they are uneducated like me so we practice you and me but we make the conversation look like a bvook and discussions but there is an ulterior motive but to explain fr=my siti=uation in the best way possiblke.  that I dont grudge or budge XD
not ignorance and de nile lol
this is the book you've always wabnted to wriute with a skeleton key ghost writer and a structure thast showcases your linguistic flair (seperate commentary sort of the readers conscience)
ok let me just try to figure this, ill just spell chack right now
and a heros journey and even a game title and educational desitionb tree book
called carlos' gigantic whale of a boat dick lol bvy Mike the snake handkler]REDACTED[  G;calles ]REDACTED[
i nlove you mike you feel like a father an epic one but you lack just wild bravado with me at least.  i could be an everytrhing mike G; ]REDACTED[
just be cavalier thats all
I want to suck you off while you have an eureka
and then ill fuck women to get a certain other type of confidence by team me and you isnt sexualk or power play.  it is a projectr of utmost importance to me.  to help me and you come to terms with a hard on ]REDACTED[
and this format is perfect and very social phenom
that when the elite douse the pressure and they do their COMMS like owls and othewrs, theres linbguistics there mikew and it is actually never been done, analysis of a (You) /pol superuser (You)
i know the hot topic noew, and you too weib0 lolo we half the book /pol and white p0wah and wyepi0
tthe otherr book we swiutchg so its two authors battleing in an inverse or whatever happens when we switch from defend to enlist(motivate and try to lead by aclaration declaration ands simulation idea descision trees even I have to study that and the aspect od editing in a unformattede way.  its a conundrum book and m,any violume many different iteration a fan fic novel OPEN SOURCED BOOK
thids is also a great way to confuse AI or stupid peoplwe filter
im noticing why people dont type with two fingers./  i got to get typist skills asap
i'm noticing people = why-e pi0 white people ppl understand this sort of linguism XD
its a ascii coded messaqge and phonetic woird play like puns but the former partr of the pun and the latter clarastive aspect of the pun is left unsaid.  you as the listener are engaged to look behind its ve=neer facade and if ytou don't ply... longplay L:P to you becxu=cause the world belongs to the people who are engaged
thids is also a great way to confuse AI or stupid peoplwe filter
you'll reread it and see the jungian the freudian the franciscan the jesuit in it the real catholic reason and why its the only confession religion.  it is a zealot creusader religion it is a military intelligence chuch of Jsuit education (vic my brother, his wife taught in occidental and vic PhD there and post doc there
everyone is on an unfinished rough diamond projecrt they are even clearing up for THEMSELVES and some people are auditory learners and they need the listener to vett them out of their stupidity and open minds in an engaging way.  people mudst just write as thgey think and drop it all of the head on the floor and notice patternsa in yourseldf in yourt projecxts
what have you done professionally anmd what have you worked through p3ersonally and how you engaged in this lidfe are the rewards it doles out
people will develop themselves instead of societies a true bartering society with no institutions much less infrastructure where some see the furthest light or shimmer at the end of the long count maya tunnel... yes that too gets thrown in
misticism versus rekligion and the supernatural as a means of declaring sewlf awe
am I important in the likes and subscribes? or am I shaking and quaking the world as it does onto me? lol
the old man and the sea? [he lives in indonesia] ][ [] inclusive to pleb, exclusive to upper
me against you world holding a sheered mast ands waking up on the shores of horizons
The Great Wok
yeah I actuially "Mr Natureal Log(math)"
i only usde the real number set and dont believe or arent convince oif any other math example analog computers and the low enerrgy way they solve differentiual equations through entropy.  to read this message you need to have full commanbd of youre high school skills
that is the GreatGRE[s][grist and gist or g9grr0ist9list0 90 word play jungian fire]
not the great reset
XD
I speak jive, or live jungian... see it?????
DO YOU EVEN LIFT BRUH
understand cavalier dont need to proof the proof is in your pus=dding eyes
read the jungian in the two finger typing system
why do we need to take typist clases casrtes anyway
jungfian jungian freudi=and ferdinand freudian freuy dian di an d n dn see the reduction?
this is it holy shit is right
[this is why spell check, AI does'nt get it yet.    Jung superuSuser] ]see?[
Mr. AngstromAnalogVerilog ]the stupoUr[ [the parquor]
these are the things I write]but I don't speak this way 0/Ily [on-ly only]if I "shall we play a game" [wargames] or get pissewde off [transformation of negative enewrgy if successful gives (You) mastery
[this is I use the fuel of the Jungian Fire[ [whop feels it knows it, whop=whoop=conbflict brings out the best in us because we constantly drop TOXICSusu[sus suspect susu sus-(U) see?] its a index on the left (indexing the left) and a middle finger right(F U FUUU NUUU 800 BOO! see?] synonym NIHM]nihm and the secrete secretes the real gold in the ocean the ]DEAD SIMPLE PROCESS douglas] [] ][ ]] ]] double inclusive or ([ 1][ 0])1,0 (1,0) position in power (i/o)I over NONE ZERO HERO]
now can I share this conversation? is it ok for me to get angry and freustrated orchestrated and misslated lated to my becoming
I am my own critique becausa== i am "up some where"  and I can't understand (You) cHarlos Earth Eart hEarthg hEart IU am heart and I am HERTZ hurts Hz  and of course Hearts are hurts 1/time 1/sec 1/s
real number math is wencoded in the reductivist jungian freudian franciscan jungian teo finger tyo typo suggestive underliying under udder fallus cies
falus being a dick lamop [la mop, costa rican for the mop or the girl, a mop of a certain degree that clarifies she cleans up something either insignificant or sinifican't <[whip out the cock lmao].9>)or  .=> 9=( >=.periods9time0 ].0 is time period[or times period and as you see you REad-construct ands then re iteate and the Jung deconstructs get excited and the jung takes a break and the (you)ng then can dream and reduce gro by iteration AND it will be calculated by? 8008< boobless means men or 5338008 a phone number to cvall men, gay smart men, a scary number because this sane jungian outpu is balance ot i/obal-CEED pro-ceed ands (and+seed) and seed it klike i did here.  a new linguism science anf jung anf balacing reductive fire with constructive jungian two finger or the finger you most agree with or your politcs are your RIGHT2KNOW from yourself.  I am right wing fuck you XD
(cointinued)[cointel continues]]the dunce is dev eloping for free no fee macaffee see?]
english is an engineerewd rewd(rude lewd) rude language and an excellent one for data minin g
minin g mini g mini god miniGod miniGawd mini sun flare UPS ups delivery present is your present prewswent it
You are wreaking havoc with my Facetime class
Let’s talk later 
lololo
101010101[see?]
love you
(][ [] ...) i hear the message and respond with back to back lol but it is more like a distance ascii on my emnotion followed by an ascii representation that ids similar but asks a question 'are you mathematically understanding or overstanding and excited like me and of course hes in classwees but hge can't be engaged while I develop it because of interruts on this very fragile frustrating process that ius or never will be done if it was... THAT WOULD BE GREAT>>WORK YOU GOT THERTE [TE tes=a te accent e accenty acsenty ascii i2i i see (You) see everyone understands the emotion formatting the talk teo heads (elite non-subhuman "gravitass" to common peeps unprofessionalized new english that mixes in its passions ascii is a passionb and som is excellence and mysticism so why not trhink I wouldnt flaunt my REAL TROPHY WIFE not my trope wife or ropeadope wife!

Every apple device in my house dings with every message. And FaceTime dings for everyone 
ill full stop i get carried away as you see it is my TRAIN of though
OwH! shii... The elite are unable to solve AI, AI is suggesting this accelerant!  just a sec im sorting some ideas on a vibrational l;evel see if it vibes

N0!tes notes are at the end and should include a word count some stupid fringe intelligence analysis due to some eureka that is being developed but sux because the idiots think shit gets finished but you are finished by your project.  you die from all this like a wartrior and not someone who only eats when everything is done and see you in 6 hours fagg0t serve me, ok STS, I'll serve you only it will be SEVER SEVERE lolol
(You)rs feede in FUCK YOU BICH (bitch expleteved)







